[backend/frontend] Add support for selecting unique values in number, line, and area widgets (#11229) (#15612)
OpenCTI-Platform/opencti: docs/docs/usage/widgets.md

![Widget parameters](assets/widget-parameters.png)

> For the "Activity & History" perspective there is the option to use the distinct values within the data when using a  "Number", "Line", or "Area" visualization. This enables the user to present additional; insight into the usage of the application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the "Activity & History" perspective there is the option to use the distinct values within the data when using a  "Number", "Line", or "Area" visualization. This enables the user to present additional insight into the usage of the application.
```

- Checked: The widget will report the count of distinct values for the specified field

!!! warning "Distinct values limitation"

>     Selecting to use distinct values for data sets with many distinct values may return results that are slightly different than actuals. To preserve performance, the query begins to estimate the count if there are greater than 40000 distinct values in the dataset. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Selecting to use distinct values for data sets with more than 40,000 distinct values may return results that are slightly different from actuals. Indeed, in this case, to preserve performance, the query begins to estimate the count.
```
